# My Teen Projects

I've studied and loved programming since I was 12, and in that time I've made some learner-projects. I must say most of them are pretty bad (or impossible to get running, as back then I didn't understand containerization), but I thought it would be nice to collect some of them in one place as a relic.

- `colegio`. I remember this one with love. My 9th grade (3º de la ESO) teachers asked me to do a website for an online school newspaper. The idea was to publish articles in an ordered and supervised way, but because of how it was programmed, it was more similar to Twitter than to what was asked, which led to some funny stories and forced me to apologize a bunch. It was also my first experience with Django. I think this one's impossible to run so don't even bother.
- `eriklopez`. Another fun story. At about 9th or 10th grade I wanted to sell myself as a personal teacher, and I needed to advertise that. To do so, I created this website on FastAPI with some information about me, my pricing and some of my YouTube tutorials. I almost printed and hanged some posters with QR Codes to advertise the site, but thankfully I found clients soon enough to not need to do that.
- `gtd-web`: I think I did this as a 15 year old. Initially I used this as a personal website to present myself. I tried to add an app for the methodology of [GTD](https://gettingthingsdone.com/) but that didn't get very far. Definitely not my best, but it was useful to practice FastAPI.
- `pinesweeper`: "A simple terminal minesweeper written in Pascal, but with pines 🌲." Not much else to say, I wanted to write something in Pascal.
- `quicktran`: It's an NCurses wrapper for the `translate-shell` program. I did this to test my abilities in C and to learn NCurses. I think this one's not that bad for a 14 year old.
- `musical-scale-builder`: I don't know if this counts as a project. It's a simple script I made to generate music scales in different tonalities and modes. I was 16 and trying to learn some piano and I wanted a shortcut for writing scales.
- `second_grade_equation_generator`: Self descriptive. I'm not really sure why I made this. I think we had to write down some equations for a school project in 8th grade (2º de la ESO) and I decided to automate it. This one is a good example of the "Hey, look at me, I can do programming" teen arrogance. It uses Manim ([3Blue1Brown](https://www.youtube.com/c/3blue1brown)'s animation library) to show the equations.
- `knearest-implementation` and `kmeans-implementation`. Also self descriptive. I did these while studying some very basic data science. I wanted to get a feel for how each algorithm worked.
